7.0.0 changelogs (beta) (#10596)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* resourcemanager: removed non-functional `project` field from `google_service_account_key` datasource [#10537](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10537)

BREAKING INCREASED VALIDATION:
* cloudfunctions2: made `event_type` a required field for `event_trigger` in `google_cloudfunctions2_function` [#10501](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10501)
* monitoring: made it required to set exactly one of `http_check.auth_info.password` and `http_check.auth_info.password_wo` in google_monitoring_uptime_check_config [#10591](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10591)
* networkservices: made `load_balancing_scheme` required in `google_network_services_lb_traffic_extension` [#10419](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10419)
* secretmanager: made `secret_data_wo` and `secret_data_wo_version` both required when one is set in `google_secret_manager_secret_version` [#10591](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10591)

> * sql: made `password_wo_version` required when `password_wo` is set in `google_sql_user` [#10591](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10591)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* sql: made `password_wo_version` required when `password_wo` is set in `google_sql_user` [#10591](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10591)
* * storage: added validation requiring the `topic` field to be in the form "projects/<project>/topics/<topic>" in `google_storage_notification`
```

* alloydb: added `deletion_protection` field with a default value of `true` to `google_alloydb_cluster` resource [#10553](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10553)
* artifactregistry: removed the default values for `public_repository` fields in `google_artifact_registry_repository`. If your state is reliant on them, they will now need to be manually included in your configuration. [#10519](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10519)
* bigquery: removed the default value of `view.use_legacy_sql` in `google_bigquery_table` [#10578](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10578)
* bigtable: renamed instance to `instance_name` for bigtable_table_iam objects [#10248](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10248)
* billing: made `budget_filter.credit types` and `budget_filter.subaccounts` no longer optional+computed, only optional, in `google_billing_budget` resource [#10587](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10587)

> * cloudfunctions2: changed `service_config.service` of `google_cloudfunctions2_function` resource to be output-only [#10432](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10432)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* cloudfunctions2: changed `service_config.service` field in `google_cloudfunctions2_function` resource to be output-only [#10432](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10432)
```

* compute: converted `subnetworks` and `instances` fields in `google_compute_packet_mirroring` have been to sets from arrays [#10550](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10550)

> * compute: made `advertised_ip_ranges` in `google_compute_router` into a set instead of list [#10557](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10557)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: `advertised_ip_ranges` field group in `google_compute_router` has been converted from a list to a set [#10557](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10557)
```

* compute: made `disk.type`, `disk.mode` and `disk.interface` no longer use provider configured default values and instead will be set by the API in `google_compute_instance_template` and `google_compute_region_instance_template` resources [#10569](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10569)
* gkehub: updated beta api endpoint from v1beta1 to v1beta [#10344](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10344)

> * resourcemanager: changed the default of `disable_on_destroy` to `false` in `google_project_service` [#10508](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10508)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* resourcemanager: changed `disable_on_destroy` default value to `false` in `google_project_service` [#10508](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10508)
```
